Zapier (#1780)
enkidevs/curriculum: zapier/introduction/what-is-zapier/zapier-common-terminology.md

---
author: kapnobatai136

category: must-know

aspects:
  - introduction

---

# Zapier Dependencies

---
## Content

> Now that you have your account, you are ready to start using Zapier.

Reviewer: I'd remove this:
- it's not relevant if we look at this insight standalone
- was already mentioned twice in the previous insight

> The first step is getting used to some of the terms that you will see. Here is a list to help you get started[1]:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In this insight we'll explore some of the common terminology used when talking about zapier integrations. Here is a list to help you get started[1]:
```

> - **zap**

Reviewer: instead of normal list items, you could make each term a heading

```suggestion
### zap
-  ...
```

  - this refers to the automated workflow that connects apps and services
  - think of a zap as your entire integration
  - e.g. we have previously mentioned that you can get email notification for each Google form completion. This is a zap.
- **trigger**
  - this represents an event that starts a zap
  - in our example, the trigger would be the submittal of the Google form
- **action**
  - this represents an event that will be performed by our zap after a trigger
  - going back to the example, the action is getting the email notification
- **task**
  - this is more a general term that refers to any single action performed by Zapier
  - in our example, submitting a form **or** receiving an email notification are both actions

>   - as you have already noticed, both triggers and tasks can be actions

Reviewer: > - as you have already noticed, both triggers and tasks can be actions

but you say that 

>  - this represents an event that will be performed by our zap after a trigger

it's contradictory cause action is defined as being after a trigger, but then you say that a trigger can be an action

also maybe mention that a zap is made out of tasks basically
